bring refugee is much more than a
political status it is the most
pervasive kind of cruelty that can be
exercised against a human being you are
forcibly rubbing this human being of all
aspects that would make human life not
just tolerable but meaningful in many
ways the more immune you are to people
suffering that's very very dangerous
it's critical for us to maintain with
humanity Irish a few little people are
coming to lead that in which having very
pleased just mr. Shiva the usual heat of
the hot demolition with it Kujo that
I've been begging to shoot O'Connor
[Music]
if children grow up without any hope
without any prospects for the future
without any sense of them being able to
make something out of their lives then
they will become very vulnerable to all
sorts of exploitation including
medicalization disadvantage on us
[ __ ]
Mahadeva has decision with vehicle after
collision collision
the officials came here and told them
look there's no way you're going to get
papers to continue either you go
voluntarily or we arrest you
I respect you we go have to take time
for my respects
it's going to be a big challenge to
recognize that the world is shrinking
and people from different religions
different cultures are going to have to
learn to live with each other
you
[Music]